README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Project Name

> Awesome Book.


## Built With

- Languages: HTML, CSS, JavaScript
- Technologies used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript 

## Live Demo (if available)

[Live Demo Link](https://myaserkhan.github.io/Awesome-Books-App/)

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

## Getting Started


### Prerequisites

To run this app on your local computer you need the browser (Google Chrome is the best)

### Setup

- Clone the repository on your local machine
- Cd into the folder

### Install

- Install VSCode or any code editor you like
- Install npm by running npm install

## Authors

👤 **Yaser Khan**

- GitHub: [@githubYasir](https://github.com/MYaserKhan)
- Twitter: [@twitterYasir](https://twitter.com/khanyaser007)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yasir-khan-398229195/)

👤 **Oliver Kango**

- GitHub: [@githubolivier](https://github.com/Olivier-Kango)
- Twitter: [@twitterolivier](https://twitter.com/olivierkango1)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/olivier-kango-b990601b8/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

Commit message:

Add the Description to my Reame.md file

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Project Name

> Description the project. This is a single page web application that keeps tracks of books. Book details captured are the book title, author and ISBN. User can add a book, view a list of books and also remove any un wanted books.

## Built With

- Languages: HTML, CSS, JavaScript
- Technologies used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript 

## Live Demo (if available)

[Live Demo Link](https://myaserkhan.github.io/Awesome-Books-App/)

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

## Getting Started


### Prerequisites

To run this app on your local computer you need the browser (Google Chrome is the best)

### Setup

- Clone the repository on your local machine
- Cd into the folder

### Install

- Install VSCode or any code editor you like
- Install npm by running npm install

## Authors

👤 **Yaser Khan**

- GitHub: [@githubYasir](https://github.com/MYaserKhan)
- Twitter: [@twitterYasir](https://twitter.com/khanyaser007)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yasir-khan-398229195/)

👤 **Oliver Kango**

- GitHub: [@githubolivier](https://github.com/Olivier-Kango)
- Twitter: [@twitterolivier](https://twitter.com/olivierkango1)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/olivier-kango-b990601b8/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._
